# CS305 Portfolio

## Artemis Financial

Artemis Financial was a financial consulting company. They help individuals manage their finances and develop personal financial plans. As a client, they were looking to modernize their software and update to the latest security measures to help keep their data and their clients' data safe. The vulnerability assessment report is showcased in this portfolio, showing the different areas of security that were analyzed in Artemis Financial's application, the manual review of the code, as well as the dependency check for any vulnerabilities in their software.

## Software Security and Vulnerabilities

When looking at the vulnerabilities in Artemis Financial's software, it was important to assess which areas were relevant and needed changes to be made. This is why I looked at the Vulnerability Assessment Process Flow Diagram to determine which areas needed to be looked at in the software. I found that the Input Validation, APIs, Cryptography, Encapsulation, and Code Error and Code Quality needed to be looked at and in some cases reworked so that their software would be made more secure and up to the lastest security standards. This is important especialy in terms of Artemis Financial since they handle a lot of personal and sensitive data for their clients. If these areas are not looked at and updated regularly, this can open up their software for attacks that may be caused by different dependencies that have bugs, or coding patters that are not secure. I found the Assessment Flow Diagram helpful, as it pointed out each area of security that needed to be looked into during the process of analyzing the code, and the dependency checking tool to look at any bugs or vulneratilibies in any dependencies was particularly helpful for showing which packages needed to be updated to minimize any security vulnerabilities.

## Code Refactoring and Dependency Check

One tool I found particularly helpful was the dependency checking tool to see if there were any bugs or vulnerabilities that were introduced into the code because of some of the packages or libraries that were being referenced in the code. To mitigate these issues, I was able to look through the report and find any fixes or updates to these packages to eliminate as many of these vulnerabilities as possible. I found this tool helpful because it not only showed which bugs were in the packages but also gave suggestions on which package versions could be use instead to mitigate the issue, and if an issue hadn't been solved, a lot of th time there was also a patch that could be applied to help with the issue. When refactoring parts of the code to more secure patterns, I found it helpful to remember different secure coding patterns, for instance query parameterization, input validation, principle of least privilege, and encapsulation, all which help guard against attacks.
